hi there I'm going to show you how to
take the measurements that are required
to order a new garage door
most important measurements require are
the prequel to brickwork dimension and
the floor to the underside of lintel
dimension
always come inside carriers to get the
two most important measurements but
first we're going to measure for the
width so with the tape against the
brickwork column that side to the other
brickwork collar we have to 405 in
millimeters now if takes a measurement
again at the top of the aperture again
240 five millimeters now now that the
opening is nice and square
you
our next measurement is the height
measurement we measure that from the
floor finish floor level to the
underside of the lintel to 165
millimeters and we measure this both
sides as well to 165 so now know that
the the height of the actual opening is
nice and square
you
right here we have a retractable garage
door now modern garage doors can now be
fitted behind the brickwork this will
gave you a lot more drive through with
so if you want to maximize your dry
prove it there's a couple of other
measurements that are required in this
case we need to see this measurement
here and this measurement here to ensure
that there's enough space to house the
new frame on this side we have 180
millimeters that from this corner to
this side of the brickwork revealed on
this side we have 590 millimeters which
is plenty room to house the new garage
door for air something to consider when
mounting your new door behind the
brickwork to gain your extra drive
through a bit is that you will see some
of your garage floor on the outside of
your garage to imagine mounting the new
frame and door here in this case you
would say approximately 300 mil of your
garage floor outside of your garage
another important measurement is the
Headroom measurement now this from the
underside of the lintel to the underside
of the ceiling eight hundred millimeters
in this case now that dimension is
required for doors and need automating
in this case you can see that the
automated boom is fixed in this head
room space
you
something else to consider when we'll
bring in new garage door is the amount
of space that the runners and the
operator boom may take up in your
ceiling space
when choosing a style of garage door
it's important to look at the
surroundings around the garage because
many of the systems for retractable
doors and sectional doors can interfere
with shelving cupboard units
wall-mounted boilers gas meters water
meters windows so there are plenty of
things to look out for when choosing a
style garage door
you